and finally first is gone and me
May I chill out today again
welcome people gameplay with terry here
on my channel yes some will be
now ask so case why are you doing
again such a funny video or
or first video and people if I am
Now with me it is there
every youtube so good and bad
Time people and I 'm glad I do not know
Is it really a bad time now?
but for me there is something that i have
just have to tell because it means
extremely extreme and
maybe weaken a bit
becomes
and some are catching something with you now
what do you mean right before me?
starts people in the background runs one
dna tree of course plays with me
that once i believe in comeback or
I do not even know people but look up
any case a really good gameplay in the
background only with her something on the
eyes definitely have people like that
we come times on the subject and while some
do not know the prehistory
I was with it in any case
now on the boiler in this video and
although continue with some cases four years
together they really been active in
This channel with some can
certainly still on the series one
case trick on the stock exchange space girl die
really extreme is taken too
this time was together with and
then sometime the separation came people
we still have such a real day
with each other so the videos made that
also extremely follow the whole world
all almost over 10 km which is beyond blatant
For my career, every youtuber knows
that's exactly what exaggerated
most blatantly get this whole resonance
even if you compare so if
now a youtube for example with
his girlfriend made a video
therefore gas really videos where the
Below in the comments of
destroyed the subscriber
from when is and when kallwass always so
that got a feedback people that
is normal that was normal as us
positively she was accepted by mine
subscribers
I think 99 percent have always said
that she is extremely pretty that she is good
looks and and 1 percent was straight
was maybe perverted or written
I would flank or something else yes
but there were really very rare
someone written underneath that
I'm shit, that's what happened
Actually , I just want you
Some people think of that as saying
I actually wanted a video of you
see where I have something to laugh and
I have people I have to quasi me
I just have to tell that now
stop happened yes and indeed I was
Now three months apart with ksk
and it was so I love her always
still people and it's just like that
After four years of relationship, love passes away
not so fast and at each has
as well and then she has as she meant
then to me we have to stop then
met in between times and also
stop again you have done videos
For example, you can see
what was recorded again
but people were overly blatant
I'll say it already ks
Girl will never be on this channel again
give
it's just because it's becoming clear
i never live in you yes i will
I can somehow replace mine
Most of them already have me
all said in a video with her
proven it on a scale of 1 to
10 I believe 80 to 80 percent of it
said that she is not visible and me
they just saw people naked and
He is so I think he is the only one
very people we of us 110,000 and
has seen naked now it's just
from and I hope now from the
Character from how you like her too
I've talked in the videos
Never stay here in real life
can replace this channel and that is
also the reason why I now you
please write me youtube
Remember the comments I make
could perhaps write to the stop
Also look good that you are there ne
in any case can record
I actually still why that
Now why is that your decision
was that she has no contact with anymore
I want and indeed it has one
special reason
she really still loves me
really very and even if it is now
really homo moderately so over for
you but I must now people just
16 say no and otherwise ask again
in the next video meanwhile comes
she is not sure she is exactly
this reason people and indeed it is so
if a woman of course had it
is just I have videos in the middle
made what happens if you like that
with a woman is long together
alone is what happened then yes
logical and has it again
extreme emotions developed and wanted
a relationship with me again clear
I have also thought so relationships
if the fia was four years old
relationship actually correct
specifically with her but I wanted to stop
just a different life people and me
I then decided that we
completely cancel the contact at
There are no more friends
works because I say it all
honestly it just does not have anymore
is working
and that's why we have now complete
canceled the contact
so that she comes away from me, yes
That's why Case never wants
more represented on this channel again
will be
really likes to listen because the whole
videos with school over 60,000 clicks that
believe the best among my beloved
among my most popular videos are
I believe all videos with kers
That's why it's right
really good too bad for
this channel I know you all have that
Most 90 percent of you are simple
that's how they celebrated and I can do it now
also do nothing except this one
fuck shit video just where
I have to tell that now, and yes, we
have to live with it
no idea the whole new series
what's going to be typical here too
really blatantly arrived well is
you thank you again for that people clearly
some from me now
required and wanted
that I make a video about the year
2014 i can only say about 1000 gerd
the year 2014 a cool year
I have a huge milestone
reached and there were 100,000 subscribers
thanks again to every single one there
outside who subscribed with spades
even that now he is
not so funny or rather not like that
make cool video come i hope you guys
The camp fell in the background
rate comment do not forget
You absolutely have to write a youtube in
the comments
I'm definitely out
I had to tell the story then skin
then tells that through the optical
Miss semen also name onion